the Bank of Banking Regulatory Commission 's proposed relaxation of short-term personal insurance rules

20.03 , 20th , 20nd , 20st , 20st , 20st , 20st , 20th , 20th , 20th , 20th , 20th , 20th , 20th , 20th , 20th , 20th , 20th , 20th , 20th , 20th , 20th , 20th , 20th , 20th , 20th , 20th , 20th , 20th , 20th ,

the short term and short term life insurance products have put many risky enterprises under the pressure of mobility , and the supervision is being relaxed to ensure the stability of the industry

on 19 March , a reporter from the Daily Economic News learned from the relevant channels that the Bank of China Securities Regulatory Commission has drafted the " Circular on the <unk>uestions Concerning the Standardization of Short-term Product in Personal Insurance Companies ( Draft for solicitation ) " ( " Circular " ) . The bank has submitted the " Notice " to all personal insurance companies and sought opinions from them .

the " Circular " has already taken shape . If there are no other questions and opinions , it is expected that the supervisory level will be formally promulgated shortly . a certain industry official said that the new regulations , which are about to be introduced , allow the application of short term products with high mobility pressure , will also be applied for , but the new regulations will also be further standardized to guide insurance companies to change their business

three kinds of behavior in product development should not be avoided

according to the new regulations , the development of medium and short-term products should not be carried out in three ways , namely , loans through the insurance policies, part of the receipt, design of the Conditions of Reducing Reserve Amount and Other Constantial Change in Real Time, refund of Security Charges, the Lending Rate, the design of product parameters , including continuing awards , will change the actual life-in-vac period. by adjusting the cash value interest rate , etc . , to increase or reduce the value of the product 's cash value in disguise, the Bank of China has also stressed that insurance companies should not take life insurance for their employees, gold insurance, health insurance design.

the so-called medium and short-term products refer to the two insurance products which are not satisfied with the development of the insurance industry for five years and not less than three years. <unk>hu Junsheng , deputy director of the insurance research institute of the State Council 's Institute of Development , said that the regulations on the above acts are aimed at preventing the emergence of a phenomenon of the insurance products which is not in line with the facts , and the regulations also make the development of medium and short-term products more standardized and the risk of products more controlled

the circular also stipulates that medium and short-term products should be sold in an objective way , such as the requirement that insurance companies should publicize and sell short-term products in an objective manner , and the products are truly true, accurate introduction of product responsibility. during the period of functions and insurance , no short-term product shall be advertised in the name of other financial products , and no one shall make any one-sided and unascertainable comparison between the benefits of insurance products and other financial products and no one shall publish any click at any time or at any time . misleading consumers by " Stick-Weating " and " Stall "

the draft will be submitted to the China Insurance Regulatory Commission for the notification of the relevant matters concerning the regulation of life insurance products for short term periods ( hereafter referred to as 22 of 1616 ). " Notice of the China Insurance Regulatory Commission on Further Improving the Institutional Framework for Personal Insurance ( hereinafter referred to as 76 of 2016 ). the China Insurance Regulatory Commission has issued a circular on the organization of the special action to deal with illegal business by organizing the sale of personal insurance , and the relevant policies have been formulated in recent years , taking into consideration the actual market situation .

written resolution should state the reasons for the sale

the circular clearly states that insurance companies can apply for short-term products for the record because of the operational needs or the need for the accounting and accounting unit. insurance companies with risk management procedures may apply for short-term products for reporting purposes

however , personal insurance companies must seriously assess the short-term products before they are registered , and the board of directors will approve and form a written resolution to set out the reasons for the sale of the product , the extent of the sales and the estimated cost loss in the next three years. the bank 's central bank has stressed that the company is not allowed to sell such products in the name of dealing with liquidity risks. for example , the circular says that the sales volume of medium and short-term products should not exceed the amount of cash flow forecast by the company

in fact , the financial insurance system has been a hot selling industry in the past few years , and the risk has been reduced . the most typical phenomenon of raising the price of the fixed rate to increase market competitiveness and raising the income from other financial products is the rapid expansion of the scale of the world 's multi-lateral market. however , the products are less than the time limit . higher returns , higher risks for business to follow. the government has also set a timetable for the production of such products , which has been under control since the year 2016 , and has set down a timetable for the production of such products

this is why insurance companies are actively changing their products and are constantly adjusting medium and short-term products . however , companies which have relied mainly on such products to boost the premium will face greater liquidity risks

the reporters learned that the " circular " has still given a " red line " to the number of people who have been given the notice. the central bank has urged insurance companies to constantly adjust and optimize their liabilities structure , strengthen their management of debt sharing , and reduce the proportion of medium and long term business to a reasonable level than it is now , according to the central bank. the circular said that the annual premium of the average annual fixed term products of the companies will not exceed 20 percent of the total annual premiums of the year as of 2020

" The circular is helpful to the development of medium and short-term products and to the easing of cash flow pressure on some insurance companies . a certain industry member said that this is also a sign of a " turning a big step " in the course of transformation by a supervisory department , rather than a " turning a big step " in the course of transformation .