the Bank of Banking Regulatory Commission to relax short-term personal insurance regulations

at 2020 , 20.03 , 20:15 : Yuanyuan , China 's economic network

before that , the short-term and intermediate-term life-saltering personal and insurance products were put on hold , causing many risky enterprises to bear the pressure of mobility . In order to maintain the stability of the development of the industry , supervision is now in the process of relaxing restrictions on medium-to-medium-term personal safety .

on 19 March , the " Daily Economic News " reporters learned from relevant channels that the Bank of China has drafted the " Circular on the Issue of Standardizing Short-term Products in Personal Insurance Companies ( Draft for Solutions ) " ( " Circular " ) , which is " the Circular " ) , and has sent out to each individual insurance company and asked the company to give feedback on 29 March .

the " circular " has taken shape . If there are no other problems and opinions , the supervisory level may formally publish the regulations shortly after the work is completed . " A certain industry reporter said to a reporter on the " Daily Economic News " that the new regulations that will be introduced will allow the highly mobile enterprises to apply for short-term products . However , it will also further regulate such products and guide insurance companies to restructure their operations .

three kinds of behavior in product development should not be avoided

according to the new regulations drafted , short-term products must not be developed in three ways . The three types of products are either fixed by the insurance policies , part by the loans , or the reduction in the amount of coverage , or the actual life insurance policies . The bank has also stressed that insurance companies should not use the life insurance policies and the life insurance insurance policies , and so on .

the so-called medium-term and short-term products refer to the two insurance products , which are not satisfied with the development of the insurance system for the personal insurance companies for five years and not less than three years . <unk>hu Junsheng , deputy director of the insurance section of the Institute of Financial Research , the State Council Development Research Center , said that the regulations on the above behaviors of the supervisory organs are aimed at preventing the emergence of the insurance products in name and facts .

in addition , the circular also makes regulations on sales of short-term products . For example , insurance companies should publicize and sell short-term products objectively , accurately , accurately , and accurately , and not to publicize short-term products in the name of other financial products , and not to make a one-sided comparison between the insurance products ' interests and other financial products ' income . They should not publish or disseminate information without a single-sided , eye-stock , and other information on the products

the " Regulations on the Interim Insurance of Personal Insurance " published by the China Insurance Regulatory Commission ( hereafter referred to as " Circular on the Implementation of the Internal Insurance System " ) , the " Circular on the Implementation of the Enhancement of the Insurance System in China " ( hereinafter referred to as " Circular on the Implementation of the Insurance Act in China " ) , the " Circular on the Organization of the China Insurance Regulatory Commission in recent years " ( hereinafter referred to as " Circular on the Implementation of the Financial

written resolution to set out the reasons for sale

the circular clearly states that insurance companies may apply for short-term products for the record because of the liquidity management needs or the asset matching management needs , and the personal insurance companies that have a risk disposal period may apply for short-term products for registration in the event of liquidity management .

however , personal insurance companies must seriously assess the short-term products before they are registered , and the board of directors must approve and form a written resolution to set out the reasons for the product 's sale and the estimated amount of loss in the product 's sales plan and the estimated cost in the next three years . The CBRC stresses that the company should not exceed the estimated cash flow of the products under the guise of liquidity risks , such as the notice , which states that the short-term

in fact , the short-term risk of a management insurance is constantly reducing the number of risks involved , reducing the time limit for a company to reduce its insurance , raising the level of its interest rate , and increasing its competitiveness , and increasing the income from other financial products . The most typical phenomenon is that the scale of a super-lative market is rapidly expanding , but because of the relatively short term and relatively high profit margins , the risk of a business is greater .

this is why insurance companies are actively restructuring and are constantly adjusting medium and short-term products , but companies which have relied heavily on such products to pull out insurance premium will face greater liquidity risks .

the reporter noted that the " circular " has still given a " red line " in proportion , and the Bank Insurance Regulatory Commission has demanded that insurance companies should constantly adjust and optimize the asset structure , strengthen the management of the assets and assets , and gradually reduce the proportion of medium and long term business to a reasonable extent .

" The notification is very helpful to the development of medium-term products and to the relief of cash flow pressure on some insurance companies , " a certain industry member said . This is also a kind of " turning a big bend " for some insurance companies in the course of transformation rather than a " turning a big bend . "
